CIRC-6751 - IRONdb 0.19.23 Release Notes (#216)
circonus/docs: content/irondb/release-notes.md

# Release Notes

## Changes in 0.19.23

2021-07-08

 * Remove `/hist_shard/reconstitute/surrogate` and `/hist_shard/reconstitute/metrics` endpoints
 * Speed up NNTBS reconstitute/rebalance.
 * Fix bug in rollups where data ingested after a shard has previously rolled up could
   get erroneously deleted.
 * Implement `exclude:label(<re>)` in CAQL
 * Implement `exclude(<tag search>)` in CAQL.
 * Fix potential deadlock if surrogates fail to write by asserting/crashing.
 * Implement `graphite:tagbynode("tag", p1, ...)` in CAQL.
 * Snowth `tag_cats` and `tag_vals` work with `__check_uuid` and `__name` tags
 * Requests with an `X-Snowth-Proxied` header values of `0` or `off` now act the same
   as if no header was set.
 * Replication values greater than `10` in a snowth topology are rejected rather than
   coerced to a value of `10` automatically.
 * Fix incorrect response codes on invalid query responses
 * Allow trailing whitespace in JSON documents POSTed to lua extensions.

>  * Remove `sweep delete` API endpoints, since this function is made redundent by setting retention polciies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Remove `sweep delete` API endpoints, since this function is made redundant by setting retention policies
```

   on data.
 * Remove support for the `<rollups>` stanza. Rollups will be entirely determined by the `<nntbs>` stanza.

>    If the `<rollups>` stanza is present but does not match the `<nntbs>` stanza, the node will not start.
>    If the `<rollups>` stanza is present and matches the `<nntbs>`, a message will print to the logs that
>    `<rollups>` is deprecated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * If the `<rollups>` stanza is present but does not match the `<nntbs>` stanza, the node will not start.
   * If the `<rollups>` stanza is present and matches the `<nntbs>`, a message will print to the logs that
     `<rollups>` is deprecated.
```

Reads better as a bullet list IMO

 * Remove support for `parts` elements when inserting NNTBS data directly.

>  * Require nodes to store raw and NNTBS data.

Reviewer: Not sure what this means; is it user-facing?

Author: It means that previously, nodes could run using just NNT - they didn't have to be configured to accept NNTBS or raw data. I removed the capability for nodes to run without NNTBS and raw capabilities, since all customers now use it. We can probably remove it.

Reviewer: Let's leave it in and change it to "Remove support for the NNT file-based backing store format" or some such.

Author: Done
